Let's talk about how this course will look like for you.
Each section has some sort of actionable steps that you are able to follow such as building Web sites
and sample projects and everything we use in this course is a tool that companies use in real life.
They're the best of the best.
So let's look at the course outline.
The first part will be an introduction some basic concepts to get us familiar with the Web and how it
works.
We will start off with how the internet works what is the history of these technologies.
We're going to talk about the history of the Web the Web browsers and I'll actually have you understand
the underlying concepts of the Internet and how the technologies we have now have come to be where they
are.
And then we're going to learn a shim all five.
Finally building our first Web site we'll also get into some advanced HMO where we're going to build
some complex forms and get you really really good at this technology.
We will then move into CSX which allows us to style our Web sites and make them beautiful.
Afterwards we'll get into advanced CSX and using CSX three features like transitions and gradients in
the advanced CSF section we'll create a background generator project that is going to be a lot of fun.
Once we've mastered how to work with Web sites using a simple and CSX will then start learning about
bootstrap for templates and building your own startup landing page that accepts e-mails and will actually
store the e-mails of users as people who are interested in your startup.
A very useful skill that you will definitely need in your career.
Or if you have a business idea that you want to pursue.
We will also dive into newer features of CSX like flex box my favorite CSX grid and get really really
good at doing responsive layouts with CSX.
Finally we finish off par one with career of a developer.
What does a career of a developer actually entail.
What are the salaries.
What are the differences between a software developer mobile developer software engineer full stack
developer.
We're going to cover all that and we're also going to talk about the future trends and what skills do
you need in the future from part one new move to our next section and here we'll start to introduce
javascript and learn concepts that allow us to learn a real programming language and the most popular
programming language which is javascript.
We then move to Dom manipulation where we'll actually use javascript to create actions and behaviors
to our Web site.
So they're interactive.
And then finally we're going to learn some advanced JavaScript concepts so that we can use javascript
to control the machines around us.
Now just knowing a simple CFS and Javascript is not good enough and you won't be able to grow in your
role and command a higher salary just with those three skills.
I'm going to be teaching you these things coming up because these are the things you should know so
that you are miles ahead of the rest.
So after the javascript section we're going to start getting into the command line and working with
the terminal.
We then learn about developer environments and I'll actually show you what my developer environment
on my computer looks like when I'm working.
We'll be setting up our own computers with all the tools necessary of a real life developer so you can
use the same setup when you go and work for somebody or for yourself.
We will then learn about get and get hub.
Probably the most important tools of a developer and I'll show you how teams work with these technologies
to create collaborative software.
We then get into a fun section which is a day in the life of a developer.
I'll show you what a day today from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. what it looks like and what tools you'll use.
I will take you through a sample day at a tech company just so that's on your first day of the job.
You won't be surprised.
We will then jump to NPM and NPM scripts a way for developers to share their code and it's going to
open up a whole world of possibilities in this section.
We're also going to create our own customizable portfolio project.
So moving forward you can add the projects from this course to your Web site and have it as your online
resonate.
Finally we finish off part two with react.
J Yes you'll learn the library that companies like Netflix Facebook and Instagram used to build fast
scalable applications.
This is one of the highest in demand skills in the industry.
It's so much fun.
And I'm really really excited about that section from part two.
We'll move on to the world outside of just the front end and we're going to learn about HDP Jason Ajax
something that will open up a world of possibilities.
We'll learn about the back and basics and what backend developers do.
And then finally I'll introduce you to some API is what API is are and definitely some really interesting
APIs that are out there.
This section is really going to open up your world from just being a front end developer that is really
good at building Web sites to somebody that can create really dynamic applications.
And it will set us up for Part 4.
This is where it gets really really fun.
We're gonna start working on our final project called smart brain and we're gonna start off by working
on the front end that is using CSX javascript ECMO and react.
We're going to build an image recognition app that's gonna be really really fun.
You submit a U.R.L. and using a machine learning API we're gonna detect to see if in that photo there
is a face and then detect where that faces with a square box.
We're gonna create a sign and form a registration form and it's gonna be really really impressive something
that you're gonna be able to use in your portfolio and impress future employers or clients.
We then take a break from the smart brain project to introduce you to know us and express.
This is where I show you how to build a server how to create a RESTful API so that when we get into
the next section the smart brain server section we build our own server so that we're actually able
to communicate with the server over a CTP and sign into our app sign out have profiles and do all sorts
of really interesting things from there.
We again take a break and learn about databases a really complex topic but I'm going to make it simple
for you to understand how they work and in the next section we're actually going to create our own database
using post graphs and connected to our server so that at the end you'll have a fully working app that
has a front end client Web site a back end server and a server that's working with a database pretty
much a full fledged application.
And finally we're going to deploy and launch that application so you know exactly how to put a real
life app that is secure and won't get hacked on the web and don't worry I'm going to provide all false
for you throughout the sections so that you can just add them to your portfolio or you can work along
the videos as well depending on what your learning style is.
You can follow along whichever way works best for you.
And at the end of the course I'm also going to have a quick little section of some of my favorite resources
to get hired.
Some of my own advice on finding a job of your dreams by the end of this course you're going to learn
the skills that allow you to apply for jobs in the following roles.
Web developer software developer front end developer javascript developer or a full stack developer
you're going to learn the technologies that are actually being used behind tech companies.
You're going to be able to build your own Web sites and applications.
But most importantly you're going to master fundamental concepts in web development so that it sets
you up for a bright long career.
I also want to make this course interactive I'll be making videos of student projects and what others
have built in this course like you.
I'll also have Q and A videos where based on the most popular questions or the most popular topics I'm
going to create new videos as they are suggested we have a lot to cover but it's gonna be a lot of fun.
Let's get started.